  The massive Sprite Hertz compiled to nab the SotA Pilot program loomed over
the data bank furiously trying to copy the complicated systems before the Host
was able to boot them from the system.  Ampere continued to keep the host
occupied with its confusing Matrix antics, slowing down the IC.  But this did
nothing to keep the security Spiders from closing in.  Godfrey kept an eye out
for trouble after booting the poor schlub that was in charge of keeping these
things safe from the masses.  Bet he wasn't expecting to get dumped in the
middle of the work day like that.
  Suddenly a back door appears at the far end of the garage and the anticipated
Spider charges in, announcing that the area is now restricted and that all
users were to immediately vacate the garage.  Channeling the Resonance to
confuse the Spider, Hertz over-rides the deck's inputs and makes it appear as
if the next user in line is him.  The Spider clobbers the hapless corp-drone
with a DataSpike that'll leave a mark, even in cold-sim.  The Sprite finally
manages to copy the program to a safe place for Hertz and, tasks complete,
returns to the Resonance.
  Looking around and knowing that he doesn't stand much of a chance against a
fully alerted host and at least one Spider.  Ampere's last task was to confuse
the Host, and it returns to the Resonance as well as soon as Hertz lets it know
the job is done.  He also tells Transistor and Resistor to head back to the
Resonance as well and wait for him to call again.  With a tinge of guilt about
the poor corp-drone that will get blamed for this, he races to the log files,
and leaves a quick note explaining that Bob in the R&D department actually had
nothing to do with this despite what the records may show.  And with that, Hertz
ducks out of the Host and hides on the public grid.  His Sprites did very little
that was considered illegal by GOD, so he had very few traces sticking to him.
Still it's enough that eventually GOD would find him.  So, while maintaining the
form weakening the firewall on MicroDeck's Host he wraps the Resonance around
him again to further confuse GOD.  He should be safe as long as he can
maintain the form.
  His head is aching from the Veil he used on the Spider, and
he knows he did some real damage to himself compiling that Sprite.  Desperate
measures for desperate times.  Thinking about next steps, he realizes he can
probably make a good name for himself in the Shadows and cover some of his
tracks at the same time.  He heads over to the closest Hacker Host and posts a
note: "MicroDeck, MicroDeck, Firewall Down.  Five Hours from now and you'll all
be renown! -Hertz"  He'll let the script-kiddies run up a bill for MD and
hopefully keep them busy for a while.
  He then heads over to a Matrix Cafe and spends the next five hours reviewing
the pilot program and figuring out how he'll get this installed.  Finally, he
calls it a day and lets go of the form holding the firewall open and logs out
of the Matrix.  Returning to his meat is painful, his nose has bled all over his
young beard, and his eyes are bleeding from the Fade he suffered.  His ribs feel
bruised and his head is throbbing.  He pops a couple of Alphasprin, sends a
message to Luci telling her to behave, not that she'll listen, and passes out
in his rented slab.  The stink of the troll and snoring of the elf quickly fade
as he drifts off into a painful sleep, his insomnia for once not interfering.
  A particularly loud snort from the elf startles him from his slumber.  Godfrey
lumbers out of the slab hotel and gets onto his, yet unmodified, bike and has it
drive him back to his new digs in Everett.  Wearing his rumpled suit and more or
less passed out on the bike, he looks like a corp-drone limping home from a
night out trying to forget about the drudgery of his life and the various
patrols pass him by.  His fake SIN and basic alterations enough to keep the heat
off of him
  The layout of the Hotel is still unfamiliar to him, and it takes a few tries
to get back to his room.  He manages to shrug off his coat and feed Luci before
falling onto the pad that is what he's currently calling a bed.  For such a shit
place, it's so much better than the coffin he's spent the last month in.  Must
be the new digs, because his insomnia leaves him alone again and he's able to
pass out.
