  Godfrey wakes up to Luci-fur sitting on his chest nuzzling in his new beard.
He goes to sit up and hits his head on the top of the coffin.  "Ugh, thought I
could rough it in here for a while" he thought to himself.  Looking at the
Emerged cat he decides it's time to start looking for someplace better for them
to stay off the radar.
  He lays back down and heads into the Matrix to review some of his old notes
on places that might work well.  Being an ex-detective has to have *some*
benefit, right?  As he's sorting through old reports and news reels he's saved
over the years he stumbles on a bit about a hotel that shuttered its doors back
in '68 and has been being run as a semi-maintained squat.  The TripleTree Inn up
in Everett.  He pulls up a file from a 5 year old report he stashed about it and
reads up on what little info was available.  Looks like a troll that goes by the
name of Colton runs the place.
  Sitting back in his VR room because it's *much* more comfortable than his
RL coffin and scratching his virtual beard, that he for some reason already
adopted, Godfrey regrets not having more Shadow contacts right now.  Looks like
he's gonna have to do this the old fashioned way and just go talk to the bloke
in person.
  Climbing into his new, yet fairly dumb, mono-wheel Godfrey heads up the I-5 to
the TrippleTree Inn.  This stretch of road is a particularly prone to the Red
Rovers harassing travelers.  Luckily Godfrey pulls off onto the 526 without any
issues.  This interchange was a mess before the gangers started blowing it to
hell, but his bike is able to weave through the concrete labyrinth and quickly
get onto Broadway and immediately jump off to Beverly Boulevard.  The navigation
alone was worth every penny he paid for the bike's moderate system.  The area is
pretty flat so the ten-story building looms rather large over the trees in the
area.  It's deteriorating exterior visible as soon as you cross 75th St.  The
good news was that Godfrey noticed that there were several individuals wearing
similar styles of dress keeping an eye on the property.  They weren't any gang
colors he knew, not that he was in the Gang Unit but he knew most of them, so
likely hotel "protection."  Additionally, to his surprise, there was a garage
under the building.  Looking around, most of the lights were our and many of the
windows were broken, but the places that weren't falling apart looked to be in
rather good shape.
  Parking his bike in a "visitor" spot, he stretches his short legs after the
long ride.  A couple of the watcher snicker at the dwarf doing stretches after
jumping out of the cocoon that takes up most of the interior of the wheel.  The
dwarf heads towards the front doors, which are actually in good repair.  He
notices the mag-locks are about 10 years old, but they'll keep the script-
kiddies and your local gangers out.  He realizes he doesn't have any way to not
break into the building.  Thinking that's not the best way to make introductions
he heads over to the nearest "security" guard.  "Hoi chummer, heard this place
is run by a fellow goes by the name of 'Colton'.  You wouldn't happen to know
how I could manage a chat with him about some lodging would ya?"
