FORMS:
  - Elevate
    Target: Device
    Duration: P
    Fade Value: L + 2
  Target resists with Willpower + Firewall.  You put a number of MARKs equal to
  your net hits on target device.

  - Resonance Reverb
    Target: Self
    Duration: I
    Fade Value: L - 1
  You can spot devices running silently with a Sleaze up to Level within 100m of
  you for a number of minutes equal to your hits.

  - Bitflip
    Target: Device
    Duration: S
    Fade Value: L + 1
  Target resists with Willpower + Firewall. If you get any net hits you can swap
  two Matrix Attributes of target device. These attributes cannot be swapped by
  reconfiguring the device or the Configurator program for as long as you sustain
  this complex form or the device reboots.

  - Lag Grenade
    Target: Device
    Duration: I
    Fade Value: L + 2
  Target resists with Intuition + Data Processing. For every net hit the target
  loses 5 from their Initiative Score.

  - Slide to Unlock
    Target: Device (i.e. Maglock)
    Duration: P
    Fade Value: L - 2
  Simple as that: On a Net Hit hit, you can unlock (or lock) any Maglock, which
  resist with its Rating*2. Spares you at least one Action - which might buy your
  team just the time to get out of the room before the Nerve Gas sets in. :)

  - Switcharoo
    Target: Persona
    Duration: I
    Fade Value: L + 2
  On a net hit, you switch places with any Persona in the Matrix you can see in
  the Matrix or have a Mark on. The Target resists with Willpower+Firewall.
  "Switching Places" includes the following effects:
  You and your targets switch the Grids you are on, you switch your own and other
  Matrix user´s "fields of view" (meaning f.i. that someone who spotted you might
  lose you and sees the target instead and vice-versa. However, you might stay
  spotted if you´ve already been marked) and, last but not least, you switch
  positions between inside or outside of any host(s). Note that this might be
  (ab)used as a clever way to infiltrate a host - which is intentional  8)

  - Filterbubble
    Target: Person
    Duration: P
    Fade Value: L - 1
  Make a Software+Resonance VS Data Processing+Intuition-Test. If you gain any
  net hits, you enclose your target inside a "filterbubble", preventing the target
  from perceiving certain things inside the Matrix or finding them with a Matrix
  search. The filtered content may consist of one of the following things:
    - A specific Host or Icon: In this case, the target can only be perceived by
  performing a deliberate Matrix Perception test with a threshold of [Level]
  against it, similar to running silent. If the filtered icon is already running
  silent, add the Net Hits to the target´s defense pool against Matrix perception.
    - Spam: In this case, reduce the Noise (and other potentially negative
  modifiers) from Spam Zones by the acquired Net Hits.
    - Information: Closest to the contemporary meaning of the word "filterbubble",
  this affects all information regarding a specific topic that would normally come
  up when conducting a Matrix search. In this case, the Net Hits to the Threshold
  for the Matrix search test.
  Note: that the target is normally unaware of the filterbubble, unless there´s a
  good reason to mistrust the perceived information.

  - Prestidigitization
    Target: Device
    Duration: I
    Fade Value: L - 2
  Target device resists with Willpower + Firewall. If you win the Opposed Test the
  device and any slaved devices do not benefit from any wireless on effects.

  - Data Buffer
    Target: Device
    Duration: S
    Fade Value: L - 3
  Target device gains additional dice equal to your hits to resist Matrix Damage
  and, if applicable, Biofeedback Damage.

  - "AMP" (Augment Matrix Performance)
    Target: Device
    Duration: S
    Fade Value: L + 1
  Improving the preexisting software on a device, this complex form adds a number
  of dice equal to your hits when using it. A device can only benefit from this if
  it is also benefiting from a wireless on effect of it. This only adds to rolls
  in which the wireless on effect is being used. If it is sustained for a number
  of hours equal to the Device's Rating, it suffers damage net hit Matrix Damage.

  - Data Surge
    Target: Self
    Duration: I
    Fade Value: L + 2
  All (wireless on, natch) devices within [Level] meters of you must win an
  Opposed Test with Willpower + Firewall or reboot. Only devices with a Device
  Rating less than or equal to the Level are affected. Devices that are slaved can
  use the Master's defense pool, however the device's rating still determines if
  it is affected. This has no effect in a host.

  - AVOID (Alternate Verification Of IDentity)
    Target: Device
    Duration: I
    Fade Value: L + 3
  In the wave of a hand, you pull together Resonance like quantum-code to forge a
  temporary Fake SIN. Your hits determine the rating of the Fake SIN. This Complex
  Form only works in one instance of a SIN check. Each use of this generates a
  "new" SIN, although you are capable of making it applicable in regards to your
  metatype, sex, height, etc. If the SIN check fails, the device alerts the owner
  of foul play (such as "this is fake", "I've been hacked", etc). If the device
  beats the threshold with a number of hits equal to your hits, the device alerts
  its owner that Resonance is being used.

  - Cacheless
    Target: Device
    Duration: I
    Fade Value: L - 2
  This Complex Form dumps all excess running programs and forces a device to
  function solely on its operating system. Make a Threading test vs. Willpower +
  Firewall. If you win target device unloads all running programs and cannot load
  any for net hit Combat Turns. When used against an AI they make an additional
  test with Willpower + Firewall + Depth against the same Threading test (you do
  not re-roll). If they lose they are disrupted, otherwise they continue running.
  If they are disrupted they lose Essence points equal to your net hits.

  - Whitespace
    Target: Self
    Duration: S
    Fade Value: L
  By altering your Living Persona, you can evade detection from wireless-on
  Sensors. Make a Threading test and note your hits. Sensors within [Level] x 2
  meters of you must make a Device Rating x 2 Opposed test against your hits. If
  you win you are invisible, soundless, heatless, etc to Sensors. Any recordings
  ill not have you present, however your Resonance Signature will be. This also
  will affect cybereyes, cyberears, ultrasound, etc for as long as they are
  wireless on or you either stop sustaining this or move out of range.


SPRITES:
  - Code
    A L-1 S L D L+4 F L+1 I (Lx2)+2
    Skills: Computer, Hacking, Electronic Warfare
    Powers: Info Sortilege, Probability Distribution
  - Paladin
    A: L S: L D: L+2 F: L+4 I: (Lx2)+2
    Skills: Computer, Cybercombat
    Powers: Castling, Hardening
  - Sleuth
    A: L S: L+3 D: L+4 F: L-2 I: (Lx2)+2
    Skills: Computer, Hacking
    Powers: Cookies, Traceroute
  - Tank
    A: L+3 S: L-2 D: L+2 F: L+4 I: (Lx2)+3
    Skills: Computer, Cybercombat
    Powers: Assault
  - Tutor
    A: L S: L+1 D: L+4 F: L-1 I: (Lx2)
    Skills: Computer, Instruction, Software
    Powers: Proficiency, Stability
  Powers:
  - Assault
    The sprite is able to do two Resonances Spikes as a single action, without
    the Fade.
  - Castling
    Named after the chess move, a sprite using this power with a Complex Action
    can redirect damage targeted at the technomancer to itself by temporarily
    mimicking the technomancer’s persona.
  - Hardening
    A sprite with this power can add it's own Firewall rating to a target
    (including itself).  This is an interrupt action similar to Full Matrix
    Defense.  (Note: this stacks with FMD)
  - Info Sortilege
    As the FAQ Complex Form
  - Probability Distribution
    A sprite with this power can change the probability distribution of a Matrix
    action by raising or lowering the amount of system resources allocated to
    perform it.  As a Complex Action the sprite rolls Level(x2)[Data Processing]
    vs. Willpower + Data Processing.  Either increase or decrease the dice pool
    of the targeted test by a number of dice equal net hits. As this test
    requires a Complex Action, the sprite must have delayed its action to use
    this power in order to affect another’s test. Also, this does not count or
    work as a Teamwork Test, it is simply adding or subtracting dice.
  - Proficiency
    Tutor sprites possess know-/active-/lingua-softs that grant them an
    understanding of up to it's Level Technical, Vehicle, or Knowledge skills,
    chosen upon compiling. While it can teach these skills to any person, like
    an instructor or interactive tutorsoft, it can also use this skill to assist
    a person in AR or VR as some kind of virtual assistant, with a proficiency
    power similar to a medkit’s autodoc program or an autosoft for humans. When
    the sprite guides a user through a complex task (not necessarily only the
    technomancer) who does not possess the skill in question, the character may
    perform the skill test without any modifiers, counting half the sprite’s
    rating (round up) as the level of the skill. Since the sprite acts as a kind
    of smart tutorial and teacher, assisting someone in this manner is usually
    more time-consuming than the normal test would be, and therefore requires an
    Extended or Complex Action depending on the situation (gamemaster’s call).
  - Traceroute
    The sprite may perform a Trace Icon matrix action against a spotted icon
    without any MARKs.  Note: As the sprite has no MARKs on the icon, this is
    not updated and must be re-run to get updated location information.

ECHOES:

Mutable Persona
  You gain a number of attribute points equal to your submersion grade to add to
  your ASDF array. These points can be reconfigured like a cyberdeck.

Resonance Feedback Cycle
  Prerequisite: Submersion Grade 3
  You get +(Submersion Grade/3(rounded down))d6 Initiative Dice.

Resonance Pathway Enhancement [Mental Attribute]
  Prerequisite: Submersion Grade 3
  You get +(Submersion Grade/3(rounded down)) to [Mental Attribute]

SmartLink
  Prerequisite: Skinlink
  While holding a SmartLink enabled firearm, a Technomancer with the Skinlink
  echo can access the SmartLink as if they had a SmartLink cyberware installed.

Man-Machine Resonance Interface
  This provides the same effects as a control rig (p. 452, SR5), without the
  free datajack and datacable.  The effective rating of the control rig is your
  Submersion Grade/2 (max 3).

Quiet
  Reduce the Noise of the area by your Submersion Grade for a radius of 10
  meters per point of Resonance attribute.

Resonance Scream
  Increase the Noise of the area by your Submersion Grade for a radius of 10
  meters per point of Resonance attribute.

Resonance Program
  You are able emulate certain Cyberprograms.  Each time you Submerge you may
  learn a Cyberprogram.  (Ie: you know your Sumbersion Grade number of Programs)

Biowires
  Prerequisite: Skinlink
  The Resonance flows through your nervous system emulating the effects of a
  Skillwires.  You can access know-/lingua-/active-softs via your Skinlink as if
  you had a Skilljack.  Your biowires function as if the Skillwires/jack were a
  rating equal to your Submersion Grade.

STREAMS:

Cyberadepts
  Fading: Willpower + Resonance
  Sprites: Courier, Crack, Data, Fault, and Machine
Dronomancers
  Fading: Intuition + Resonance
  Sprites: Crack, Data, Fault, Machine, and Tutor
E-scapists
  Fading: Willpower + Resonance
  Sprites: Courier, Crack, Data, Fault, and Tank
Info Savants
  Fading: Intuition + Resonance
  Sprites: Code, Courier, Data, Machine, and Paladin
Networkers
  Fading: Charisma + Resonance
  Sprites: Code, Courier, Crack, Data, and Sleuth
Singularitans
  Fading: Logic + Resonance
  Sprites: Courier, Crack, Data, Tank, and Tutor
Sourcerers
  Fading: Logic + Resonance
  Sprites: Code, Courier, Crack, Data, and Machine
Technoshamans
  Fading: Charisma + Resonance
  Sprites: Crack, Data, Machine, Paladin, and Sleuth

WIDGETS:

Widgets work for Resonance powers the same way that Reagents work for Magic.
